FROM BROOKLYN DAY INSTEAD.
OUR PRESIDENT KEPT A CROWD BUSY
AT CPAC.
IT'S A LOT OF VERY ANGRY WHITE
PEOPLE.
IT'S THE LARGEST GATHERING OF
WHITE PEOPLE WHO BELIEVE
VACCINES ARE WITCHCRAFT.
DONALD TRUMP GAVE WHAT WE MAY
LOOK BACK ON AS HIS I HAVE A
DREAM SPEECH.
HE WENT -- YOU COULD HAVE LEFT
HIS SPEECH, WATCHED TWO EPISODES
OF "GAME OF THRONES," COME BACK
AND HE WOULD STILL BE GOING.
TO KICK THINGS OFFER, TRUMP WENT
TO ONE OF HIS SIGNATURE MOVES TO
START IT.
I KNOW THERE'S A LOT OF
COMPETITION.
THIS MIGHT BE THE DUMBEST THING
HE DOES.
♪
WHO DOES THAT?
IT'S -- DONALD TRUMP SHOWS MORE
AFFECTION TO FLAGS THAN ERIK AND
DON JUNIOR HAVE EVER GOTTEN IN
THEIR WHOLE LIVES.
THERE'S ALWAYS AN ANGLE.
THE REASON SHE'S A FLAG HUGGER
IS BECAUSE THAT HAPPENS TO BE
ONE OF HIS MOST LUCRATIVE MONEY
MOVES.
>> NOW YOU CAN OWN A PIECE OF
HISTORY.
A FLAG EMBRACED BY THE PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES, THE
FRANKLIN MINT HAS MADE AVAILABLE
OVER 100 FLAGS, EACH PERSONALLY
NUZZLED BY DONALD TRUMP.
OLD GLORY NEVER HAD IT SO GO.
YOUR FULLY FONDLED FLAG HAS A
CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICITY AND
ITS OWN POLL.
THREE CHEERS FOR THE RED, WHITE,
AND BLUE.
GAZE ON THE ORANGE FACE.
GET YOUR FLAG FOR ONLY THREE
EASY INSTALLMENTS OF YOUR SOCIAL
SECURITY CHECK.
CALL NEW AND GET A SQUARE OF
TOILET PAPER FROM THE BACK OF
THE PRESIDENT'S SHOE.
NOT AVAILABLE IN STORES.
>> MADE IN CHINA.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
.
>> Jimmy: BACK TO THE SPEECH AT
THIS THING.
THE SPEECH HE GAVE WAS COVERED
EVERY SUBJECT MANAGEABLE.
HE EVEN TOOK TIME TO TALK ABOUT
WHAT A GREAT INVENTION TVO IS.
AT ONE POINT HE MENTIONED HE WAS
SPEAKING OFF SCRIPT.
LIKE WE DIDN'T KNOW THAT,
BECAUSE IF THIS WAS A SCRIPT, IT
MUST HAVE BEEN WRITTEN FOR JOE
PESC HI IN.
>> WE'RE GOING TO GO INTO HIS
FINANCES.
WE'RE GOING TO CHECK -- THESE
PEOPLE ARE SICK.
THEY'RE SICK.
UNFORTUNATELY, YOU PUT THE WRONG
PEOPLE IN A COUPLE OF POSITIONS,
AND THEY LEAVE PEOPLE FOR LONG
TIME THAT SHOULDN'T BE THERE,
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN THEY'RE
TRYING TO TAKE YOU OUT WITH [
BLEEP ].
OKAY?
JUST [ BLEEP ].
>> Jimmy: OH, HE TOLD JOKES AND
PLAYED CHARACTERS AND CURSED.
ALL HE NEEDS IS STORIES ABOUT
GROWING UP IN THE OLD
NEIGHBORHOOD.
THERE COULD BE A BROADWAY SHOW.
IT WAS A POTENT COMBINATION OF
DEMENTIA ANDED A ROLL.
HE THREW A LOT OUT THERE DURING
THIS TWO-OUR YELL-A-BRATION.
WE SLOEBED IT DOWN FOR DRUNK
DONALD TRUMP.
>> RUSSIA, PLEASE, IF YOU CAN,
GET US HILLARY CLINTON'S
E-MAILS, PLEASE, RUSSIA, PLEASE.
♪
>> Jimmy: SOMEONE MIGHT WANT TO
TAKE HIS KEYS TO THE COUNTRY
AWAY.
AND WHILE TRUMP WAS THE MAIN
EVENT AT CPAC, HIS PERSONAL
ASSISTANT MIKE PENCE WAS THERE
TOO, FIRING THE CROWD UP WITH
HIS FAVORITE SUBJECT, BATTLE
READY ASTRONAUTS.
>> BEFORE THE YEAR IS OUT,
PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL LAUNCH THE
SIXTH BRANCH OF ARMED FORCES,
THE UNITED STATES SPACE FORCE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: MOTHER WILL WIPE THAT
NOSE OFF FOR HIM LATER, I'M
SURE.
BELIEVE IT OR NOT THE PRESIDENT
WASN'T THE NUTTIEST SPEAKER AT
CPAC.
THIS CONSERVATIVE POLITICAL
ACTION CONFERENCE, IT'S NOT
CONSERVATIVE.
THERE'S NO ACTION.
THEY REALLY SHOULD CALL IT WHAT
IT IS.
IT'S AN ORGANIZED GATHERING OF
PEOPLE WHO WOULD BE COMFORTABLE
AT INTERSECTIONS SHOUTING AT
CARS.
>> I WANT TO KNOW WHO'S A
PEDOPHILE.
>> WE ARE ALL DEVELOPMENTALLY
DISABLED IN GOD'S EYES.
>> AND YES, I'M LOOKING AT YOU,
THE GHOST OF JOHN McCAIN.
>> I'M SORRY, MISS NANCY, HE
DIDN'T ASK YOU FOR A BLANK
CHECK.
>> NO, HE DIDN'T.
>> YOU JUST LET ALEXANDRIA
OCASIO-CORTEZ SHOW UP AT MY
HOUSE AND TRY TO CAKETAKE MY CO
AWAY.
>> THEY'RE TRYING TO GET RID OF
ALL THE COWS.
>> THEY WANT TO TAKE AWAY YOUR
HAMBURGERS.
>> FARING COWS.
>> THAT'S BECAUSE COWS FART.
♪ AND THE HOME OF THE BRAVE ♪
>> Jimmy: YOU KNOW WHAT?
MOO TO YOU GUYS, TOO.
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
ANNOUNCED THEY'RE LAUNCHING AN
INVESTIGATION INTO THE
PRESIDENT'S CAMPAIGN,
BUSINESSES, TRANSITION TEAM AND
ADMINISTRATION.
THE COMMITTEE IS REQUESTING
DOCUMENTS FROM 81 BITZS
INCLUDING HIS SONS D.J., T.J.,
AND A MAN KNOWN AS MATTHEW CAL
MARRY.
ON TOP OF THAT THERE'S A NEW
BOMB SHELL REPORT FROM THE NEW
YORKER.
THIS IS -- THIS ALLEGED AMONG
OTHER THINGS THE PRESIDENT
ORDERED GARY COHN TO FORCE HE
WANTED TO PUNISH CNN WHICH IS
OWNED BY TIME WARNER.
THAT SEEMS LIKE A REASONABLE
EXERCISE OF EXECUTIVE AUTHORITY.
JUST USING MY PRESIDENTIAL
POWERS TO SQUISH A BUSINESS I
DON'T LIKE.
THE NEW YORKER PIECE SHEDS LIGHT
ON TRUMP'S RELATIONSHIP WITH
FOX.
THIS IS GOING TO ROCK YOU
POTENTIALLY TO YOUR CORE.
IT WOULD APPEAR THAT FOX NEWS
MAY HAVE GIVEN DONALD TRUMP
PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT.
I KNOW.
THE ARTICLE SAYS THAT DURING THE
CAMPAIGN A REPORTER AT FOX NEWS
GOT PROOF OF HIS AFFAIR WITH
STORMY DANIELS AND WAS READY TO
RUN IT BUT ONE OF THE EDITORS
NIXED THE STORY AND SAID RUPERT
WANTS HIM TO WIN SO WE CAN'T RUN
THIS SO THEY HIT THE CLEAR
HISTORY AND MADE A NONDISCLOSURE
AGREEMENT WITH THE REPORT TORE
KEEP IT QUIET.
THE NEW YORKER HIT A HOME RUN.
TRUMP RANKS THE FOX NEWS HOSTS
BASED ON -- THEY GET A NUMBER.
SEAN HANNITY IS A TEN.
11 IF HE'S WEARING HEELS.
RED BEAR ONLY GETS A SIX.
BUT STEVE DUCEY FROM "FOX AND
FRIENDS" GETS A 12.
I BET STEVE SAID I WILL NEVER
NEED VIAGRA AGAIN.
HE'S RANKED A 12.
HE DID BRIEFLY DROP TO AN 8 WHEN
HE DARED THE PRESIDENT TO STAIR
INTO THE SOLAR ECLIPSE.
THEY SAID HE GOT A HEADS UP ON
QUESTIONS BEFORE THE KPAN.
HE WAS SUPPOSEDLY TIPPED OFF TO
A QUESTION THEY WERE PLANNING TO
ASK DURING ONE OF THE PRIMARY
DEBATES.
REMEMBER WHEN TRUMP ATTACKED
HILLARY FOR GETTING QUESTIONS
EARLY FOR A TOWN HALL?
BASICALLY EVERYTHING TRUMP HAS
ACCUSED HER OF DOING, HE TURNS
OUT TO HAVE DONE HIMSELF.
I WOULDN'T BE SURP